What is AWS Marketplace? - AWS Marketplace
What is AWS Marketplace? - AWS Marketplace
Documentation
AWS Marketplace
Buyer Guide
Differences between AWS Marketplace and
        Amazon DevPay
What is AWS Marketplace?
AWS Marketplace is a curated digital catalog that you can use to find, buy, deploy, and manage
    third-party software, data, and services that you need to build solutions and run your
    businesses. AWS Marketplace includes thousands of software listings from popular categories such as
    security, networking, storage, machine learning, IoT, business intelligence, database, and
    DevOps. AWS Marketplace also simplifies software licensing and procurement with flexible pricing options
    and multiple deployment methods. In addition, AWS Marketplace includes data products available from
    AWS Data Exchange.
You can quickly launch pre-configured software with just a few clicks, and choose software
    solutions in Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) and software as a service (SaaS) formats, as well as
    other formats. Additionally, you can browse and subscribe to data products. Flexible pricing
    options include free trial, hourly, monthly, annual, multi-year, and a Bring Your Own License
    (BYOL) model. All of these pricing options are billed from one source. AWS handles billing and
    payments, and charges appear on your AWS bill.
You can use AWS Marketplace as a buyer (subscriber) or as a seller (provider), or
    both. Anyone with an AWS account can use AWS Marketplace as a consumer and can register to become a
    seller. A seller can be an independent software vendor (ISV), value-added reseller, or
    individual that has something to offer that works with AWS products and services.
Note
Data product providers need to meet the AWS Data Exchange eligibility requirements. For more
      information, see
Providing Data Products on
        AWS Data Exchange
in the
AWS Data Exchange User Guide
.
Every software product in AWS Marketplace has been through a curation process. On the product page,
    there can be one or more offerings for the product. When the seller submits a product in AWS Marketplace,
    they define the price of the product, and the terms and conditions of use. Buyers agree to the
    pricing, and terms and conditions set for the offer.
In AWS Marketplace, the product can be free to use or can have an associated charge. The charge
    becomes part of your AWS bill, and after you pay, AWS Marketplace pays the seller.
Note
When buying from
some non-US
        sellers
, you may also receive a tax invoice from the seller. For more information,
      see
AWS Marketplace Sellers
on
Amazon Web Service Tax Help
.
Products can take many forms. For instance, a product can be offered as an Amazon Machine
    Image (AMI) that is instantiated using your AWS account. The product could also be configured
    to use AWS CloudFormation templates for delivery to the consumer. The product could also be software as a
    service (SaaS) offerings from an ISV, or a web ACL, set of rules, or conditions for AWS WAF.
You can purchase software products at the listed price using the ISV’s standard end user
    license agreement (EULA) or from a private offer with custom pricing and EULA. You can also
    purchase products under a
standard
      contract
with specified time or usage boundaries.
After the product subscriptions are in place, you can use AWS Service Catalog to copy the product and
    manage how the product is accessed and used in your organization. For more information, see
Adding
      AWS Marketplace Products to Your Portfolio
in the
Service Catalog Administrator Guide
.
Differences between AWS Marketplace and
        Amazon DevPay
There are substantial differences between AWS Marketplace and Amazon DevPay. Both help customers buy software
      that runs on AWS, but AWS Marketplace offers a more comprehensive experience than Amazon DevPay. For software
      buyers, the key differences are the following:
AWS Marketplace offers a shopping experience more like Amazon.com, simplifying discovery of
          available software.
AWS Marketplace products work with other AWS features such as virtual private cloud (VPC) and
          can be run on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Reserved Instances and Spot Instances, in addition to
          On-Demand Instances.
AWS Marketplace supports software backed by Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS), and Amazon DevPay does not.
Additionally, software sellers benefit from the marketing outreach and ease of discovery
      of AWS Marketplace.
Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Document Conventions
Using AWS Marketplace as a buyer
Did this page help you? - Yes
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.
Did this page help you? - No
Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.