What is AWS Marketplace? - AWS Marketplace
What is AWS Marketplace? - AWS Marketplace
Documentation
AWS Marketplace
Seller Guide
Using AWS Marketplace as a seller
Contract structure for AWS Marketplace
Pricing of products in AWS Marketplace
What is AWS Marketplace?
AWS Marketplace is a curated digital catalog that customers can use to find, buy, deploy, and manage
    third-party software, data, and services to build solutions and run their businesses. AWS Marketplace
    includes thousands of software listings from popular categories such as security, business
    applications, machine learning, and data products across specific industries, such as
    healthcare, financial services, and telecommunications. Customers can quickly launch
    preconfigured software, and choose software solutions in Amazon Machine Images (AMIs), software
    as a service (SaaS), and other formats. Professional services are also available to help
    customers configure, deploy, and manage third-party software. For a complete list of delivery
    methods, see
Product
      delivery
.
You can use AWS Marketplace as a buyer (subscriber), seller (provider), or both.
    Anyone with an AWS account can use AWS Marketplace as a buyer, and can register to become a seller. A
    seller can be an independent software vendor (ISV), channel partner, managed services provider
    (MSP), or individual who has something to offer that works with AWS products and services.
Note
Data product providers must meet the AWS Data Exchange eligibility requirements. For more information,
      see
Providing data products on AWS Data Exchange
in the
AWS Data Exchange User
      Guide
.
Eligible partners can programmatically list AWS Marketplace products outside of AWS Marketplace. For more
    information about becoming an eligible partner, contact your AWS Marketplace business development
    partner.
The following video explains more about selling in AWS Marketplace.
Using AWS Marketplace as a seller
The process for selling a software product in AWS Marketplace involves the following seven
      steps.
Seller process
Step
Action
Description
1
Register
As a seller, you start by registering for the AWS Marketplace Management Portal. We recommend that you
              implement a new dedicated AWS account that can be easily linked with an existing
              AWS organization. Verify that the AWS Partner’s tax information meets the
              jurisdictional eligibility criteria. To receive disbursements, you must provide a bank
              account.
2
Decide product type
Decide on the type of product that you want to sell. For more information about
                creating the product types in AWS Marketplace, see the following:
AMI-based products in AWS Marketplace
Container-based products on AWS Marketplace
Machine learning products in AWS Marketplace
SaaS-based products in AWS Marketplace
Professional services products in AWS Marketplace
Data products (For more information about data products, see
What is
                      AWS Data Exchange?
in the
AWS Data Exchange User Guide
.)
3
Prepare product
Configure your package, set a pricing scheme, determine the relevant categories
              in which to list your product, and add keywords so your product appears in relevant
              searches. To simplify the procurement process, you can use
standardized
                license terms
for both public product listings and private offers.
4
Submit product
Use the product submission process to make your products available in AWS Marketplace.
              Products can be simple, for example, a single Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that has one
              price structure. Or, products can be complicated, with multiple AMIs, AWS CloudFormation
              templates, and complex pricing options and payment schedules.
5
Market product
Contribute to the success of your product by driving awareness of AWS Marketplace and by
              driving traffic directly to your product pages in AWS Marketplace.
6
View reports and data feeds
After you're registered as a seller, use the AWS Marketplace Management Portal to access usage reports
              for your products. AWS Marketplace provides tools for collecting and analyzing information about
              your product sales.
7
Manage products
Use the
AWS Marketplace Management Portal
to manage your account and product pages.
As a seller, go to the
AWS Marketplace Management Portal
to register. If you're charging for use of your product, you must also
      provide tax and banking information as part of your registration. When you register, you
      create a profile for your company or for yourself that is discoverable in AWS Marketplace. You also use
      the
AWS Marketplace Management Portal
to create and manage
      product pages for your products.
Contract structure for AWS Marketplace
Usage of the software, services, and data products sold in AWS Marketplace is governed by agreements
      between buyers and sellers. AWS is not a party to these agreements.
As the seller, your agreements include the following:
Your end user license agreement (EULA) with the buyer, which is located on the product
          listing page for public software listings in AWS Marketplace. Many sellers use the
Standard Contract for AWS Marketplace (SCMP)
as their default EULA. You can
          also use the SCMP as the basis for negotiations in private offers and use the amendment
          template to modify the SCMP. Private offers can also include custom contract terms
          negotiated between the parties.
Note
For information on when a EULA update will occur, based on the offer type and
            pricing model, see
EULA
              updates
in the
AWS Marketplace Buyer Guide
.
The
Service Terms for
            AWS Marketplace Sellers
, which govern your activity in AWS Marketplace.
A buyer’s use of AWS Marketplace is governed by the
AWS
        Service Terms
, the
AWS Customer
        Agreement
, and the
Privacy
      Notice
.
The following graphic shows the contract structure for AWS Marketplace.
Pricing of products in AWS Marketplace
In AWS Marketplace, products can be free to use or can have associated charges. The charge becomes
      part of the buyer's AWS bill, and after the buyer pays, AWS pays the seller. Products can
      take many forms. For example, a product can be oﬀered as an Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that is
      instantiated using a buyer's AWS account. Products can also be conﬁgured to use CloudFormation
      templates for delivery to the buyer. Products can also be SaaS oﬀerings from an ISV, web
      access control lists (web ACL), sets of rules, or conditions for AWS WAF. Products can also be
      professional services from an ISV, channel partners, or MSP.
Flexible pricing options include free trial, hourly, monthly, annual, multi-year, and
      Bring Your Own License model (BYOL), and being billed from one source. AWS handles billing
      and payments, and charges appear on customers’ AWS bill.
Software products can be purchased at the listed price using the ISV’s standard end user
      license agreement (EULA). In addition, software products can be oﬀered with custom pricing and
      EULA through private oﬀers. Products can also be purchased under a contract with speciﬁed time
      or usage boundaries. After subscribing to a product, the buyer can use AWS Service Catalog to copy the
      product  and manage how the product is accessed and used in the buyer's organization. For more
      information about the buyer's experience, see
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/marketplace/latest/buyerguide/service-catalog.html
. For more information about
      pricing, see
Product pricing for AWS Marketplace
.
Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Document Conventions
Getting started
Did this page help you? - Yes
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.
Did this page help you? - No
Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.